hi guys I'm a minecraft player and I we
like to show you something that don't
speak very good English and for that i'm
sorry i hope you understand me today i
receive a new email from my car's admin
and he give me 10 gift code to share
with my friends this is the email from
minecraft admin and this is those tank
owed oh add me no give me so i decide to
create a new blog and put a download the
code with the wii minecraft admin give
me so go to my blog minecraft code gease
dot blogspot com and don't let the gift
code here is my blog here is my youtube
video this is my facebook page with the
Minecraft fans if you want to like my
page ok so let's stop before to download
the gift code I like to share this page
with my friends so I click here on
goggle plus put my page with my friends
and like this page
okay after you share this page with your
friends click here to have access the
code the gift code I shot the link donut
with a try because I want to escape from
boot after five seconds click here and
download bad age it's open how do you
see this is the donor page click hero at
the download button and don't what will
be started started save the file okay
the file is saved here is the file open
this is code copy now go to your
minecraft profile me already I'm in my
profile click here to read on the code
paste the code here and now click riddim
that it all I glad to see my new video I
will hope you enjoying the gift code
have a nice day